Well, I'm glad you're all here tonight.
Thank you for joining us. I
always have to do it like this, you
know: 'Good morning, family.'But it's
evening now.
I appreciate you all being here tonight,
I really do. I feel an urgency to pray,
so let's pray together as a family.
The Lord put it very strong in my
heart about the 14th going
through the 6th of July. And this is a
very serious time. I told you
yesterday—well,
in my prayer time yesterday, the
video came up today—I felt that the
strikes against Iran were imminent. And I
said I feel very urgent about
this, and I tried to warn you all. There
are
things I was shown in the spirit
about the attacks on Iran,
and I saw... You know, I'm not used to
doing live videos, y'all, so I
filter a lot of things. My son will, you
know, I can't. So this is just life,
this is what's so wild. I go, 'Okay,
here I go.'The things the Lord
showed me about secret
meetings—God
protect me—with, I saw Little Kim,
Russia, and certain major powers,
I'll say it like that. I saw certain
major powers that
were devising a plan in the days
ahead to come and strike, like
react against what Israel just did
today. And you know what's
interesting, folks? Whenever I was praying
over that last night, the Lord was
showing me Israel with hidden
technological advancements that nobody
had in the world. And the Lord
spoke to me and He said, 'The United
States of America doesn't even know what
they have from the past
administration,
Joe Biden and them.'He said, 'Brandon,
they didn't even know.'And He said,
'And Trump barely knows. They have great
technological advancements,'is what the
Lord showed me. And I saw,
He told me about the pagers again and
the cell phones, what they did and how
they caused all that to happen
back—I
don't remember when it was, but
it's deeper than this. And the
Lord said, 'Pray, for Ezekiel 38 and 39 is right
at your door.'Now, in the time scheme of
things, I don't know what that means. You
know, a thousand days is to the Lord
like
one day, so it's not like
it could be tomorrow, it could
be
six months from now, I don't know. But
it's something that we should be
watching, that we see Ezekiel 38 and
39, and
it's getting ready to happen.
And I'm telling you, I didn't see Syria
in this. I saw Turkey, I saw Pakistan, I
saw them—I saw them upset. I'm
not saying they're a part of Ezekiel;
I have to make that clear. But I
saw them upset in the days
ahead. I saw Afghanistan. I saw
Pakistan. I saw other nations that
were very upset about what happened
today, tonight, or whatever is going on
right now.
So we pray because I told you all about
the great Apollyon coming up out of the
pit. I said he turns around like a dust
devil on the land, causing war. And I saw
the great Apollyon coming out of the pit
spinning, and he went around and
started to spin around Putin. And I said,
'In the days ahead, you'll see this stuff
coming.'I
warned everybody, but even
today it was like confirmation. You know,
some of the things people say
I
missed it so big on about the Asian man.
I saw an Asian man rising up in the
Catholic Church.
I said, 'There's an Asian man, and I
don't know if this is a pope or
not.'I
said, 'I don't know what I'm seeing. I
try to be as transparent with y'all as I
can be when I'm praying, and I tell you
what I'm seeing. I see an Asian man.
He's rising up in Asia and he will be
part of the Catholic Church like a pope,
but he's going to try to bring a revival,
trying to create
excitement in the Catholic Church in the
days
ahead.'That
Asian man was announced today.
It happened weeks later. But even when I
told you all, I said it will happen in
the summer months. I saw June,
July, August, September, October.
And I said then I saw a route coming up
out of the sky going down into
the Vatican,
where the pope was
announced. And I saw it hit the
courtyard there, and it
splintered out, and I saw a spirit come
on this Asian man. And I said, 'I don't
know what I'm seeing, but the Lord told
me to pray about
this.'And
then we see an Asian man rise up
today. And I just think that's
interesting because, I'm telling
you, folks, Jesus Christ is coming. A
great revival is about to happen, but a
great shaking to awaken is about to
happen.
I told you about the ten cities to pray.
Now, there's a lot of people... Can you
put up the article so they can see?
Okay, thank you, son. I
appreciate that. But I see what the Lord
is warning me to pray over:
these on the 14th, the military parade,
and interceding and praying over
Donald, his grandchildren. I saw
especially Kai, to intercede for this
young woman to pray a hedge of
protection around her that no weapon
formed against her would prosper. I pray
over his children, and I pray over Trump
Towers. We must pray for these things.
The enemy, you know, we wrestle not
against flesh and blood, ladies and
gentlemen. We wrestle against
principalities and powers and spiritual
wickedness in high places. We're not
dealing with the
people; we're dealing with the demonic
spirits influencing them. And that's why
I said I don't have authority in your
neighborhood to pray over your
area, but you do. And that's why the
Lord said, 'Brandon, raise up. I'm
raising up a million-man
and woman
prayer army on your channel to pray, and
you will change things as you pray and
intercede for the
nations.'And
so we see the things happening with
Israel right now, and this is very
serious. I saw great antisemitism
coming in the days ahead. Great, very
bad. And I saw that Trump would be
diplomatic: 'We can't, I don't want to,
you know, we're going to try
to work this out.'But I saw Bibi pushing
the button, exactly what happened.
If you go to what I told you all, what I
said in prayer yesterday, I saw to pray
for Cuba.
I'm watchful over what I say because I'm
live now, but you can go
watch it yourself.
Pray about Cuba, and I saw mules.
I heard the word 'mules'coming at night.
I saw strategic things...
How do I say that? I just don't feel
peace about saying that right now
live.
No, I don't think that's...
It's already on the internet, but
I'm not saying that. But we should...
Okay, we should just be praying over
what I told you all to pray over
concerning Cuba.
Is this what I warned you all about?
Not terrorist activity, but an influx of
what came across the border over the
past four years was
a whole bunch of people from another
country that was an army. And I saw men
rising
up, and they were like
cells
of people in ten major cities.
Very serious stuff. I saw things on fire,
and I saw... I told you about the vans,
I told you about the trucks clear back
in January, the timing and me interceding.
You know, whenever you're seeing
in the spirit,
it looks like it's right in front of
your face. It's like it's tomorrow,
but you're praying about something
that's sometimes months away.
And I've warned you to pray over the
summer months.
This is a very serious time to pray over
the summer months, praying for America,
praying for peace over this nation. So,
I don't know, folks. It's just
a very interesting time.
Is everybody here?
We have 21... Well, let's praise the Lord.
I'm glad you all decided to join us
for prayer tonight. But let's
just pray. You know, I've done enough
talking. I don't want to sit and
ramble and waste y'all's time.
What I had to
say is what I had to say. But just to
warn you, I have such an urgency to pray
for the Fourth of July. I kept telling
you I see those half-flags. I saw
the flags. I saw the baby. I saw all
these things, and to
intercede. And the Lord said, "I'm
bringing unity in the body of Christ.
I'm bringing down racial
barriers."He
said, "Brandon, you must be united like it
was in Acts chapter 2.
They were all of one sound and one
accord."And
when they did this, there was, like
they said, a sound like a
mighty rushing wind of the Holy Ghost
and fire. They all spoke in
tongues, but they were all with
one sound. It was with one sound,
with one voice. And there's too much
discord in the body of Christ right now.
And the Lord said to me, "I'm taking down
the walls of the barriers of
religion
for the day. There's a great
shaking."And
I saw, just like in war
times—I've
warned you all—like in war times
whenever in World War II how the women
came and everybody came together and
they worked together to create a
community when the men were off to war.
That's what I saw it be like in war
times
for the body of Christ. It's
time for the body of Christ. It doesn't
matter if you're Baptist, if you're
Methodist, if you're Catholic, if you're
charismatic or Episcopalian or whatever.
It was the body. We all have different
beliefs. We all think a lot different.
But we all have the same common goal, which is
that we love Jesus. We all love Jesus,
and that's all that matters, and that we
should be telling people about Jesus
because the coming of the Son of Man is
right at hand. He said, "I'm standing at
the door, Brandon, and I'm waiting. What
are you going to do to bring in the
harvest? I'm leaving the ninety-nine and going
after the one. For the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few.
What will you do to help me bring in the
harvest?"He
cares and he loves every single one
of you. He doesn't want any of us to
perish, but all to come to repentance and
have everlasting life. But the thing is
right now, there's so many people that
are riding the fence and that are
lukewarm.
They're lukewarm.
And it's time to come. Either you're hot
or you'll be cold. But if you're
lukewarm, he said he'd spew you
out of his mouth. Remember I told you
in a couple of visions ago when I was
praying, I saw the valley of dry bones
and they were dead upon the land. And he
spoke to me, and it was almost audible.
And he said, "Brandon, can these bones
live?
Prophesy to the bones, Brandon. Tell
them to get
up."And
I saw as we prayed as a
family—it
wasn't about me, it's about us coming
together as a family—and we interceded
and I saw the bones coming together and
I saw a Holy Ghost glow come upon the
skin and it started sparkling, and I saw
the head become the head and I saw the
hands become hands and they all joined
together and the valley of bones started
to come back to life, and I believe a
great, great harvest. I saw, and then I
saw a dam that was full
of water, which was the former rain and
the latter rain all coming together,
and there was a great mighty rushing
wind of water, like water just
flowing
upon this valley of dry bones, and I'm
telling you we will see the greatest
harvest of souls this world has ever
seen before.
It's about to happen. I told you I saw
the casinos and the
people having meetings in
the casinos in Las Vegas, and the glory
of the Lord came in.
It's time to get excited and have
expectation about what God is going to
do in this earth. Can't you see the
signs of the times, ladies and
gentlemen?
It's all around you.
But many people are like a frog in a
pot and the water's heating up around
them and you don't even know it's
starting to boil.
The end times is not convenient. I hear
people say when I pray, I hear it: "It's
not convenient. I don't want to live
through this."Well, we have a window.
Donald Trump is here, but God said, "I've
given you a window. I've given you a
window of opportunity.
What will you do with this window? Will
you squander it?"As we see our brothers
and sisters in South Korea have a
president, a prime minister that is not
good, from what they say, Canada, so many
other places. It's serious times.
It's a call to action. It's a call to
prayer. It's just not of fear. I never
come on here to tell you to fear. I
never come on here to tell you to worry,
"Oh no, the sky is falling."I never say
that. The sky is not falling, Chicken
Little. It's not about that. It's about
the body of Christ arising and shining.
For the light has come and the glory of
the Lord is risen on us.
Being serious about our Father's
business and preaching and telling
people that Jesus is coming, that's what
matters the most. All this other stuff,
materialism and all this other stuff,
it's crap. Who cares about it? God said
he'd
provide a window of opportunity. He
told me, he said, "Brandon, I'll provide
a window for the remnant that
is listening to me, that is staying close
to me. I'm not going to
yell."He
told me, "I'm not going to yell. I'm
going to speak in that still, small
voice, Brandon, if you're listening to
me,
and I will tell you what to do, for the
wealth of the sinner is laid up for the
righteous."And
so many people are still
not listening. He said, "So many people
are
asleep."That's
what I told you all a couple, like
two or three videos ago. I saw the
body. It was laying
in a bed and there was an alarm clock
that was ringing so loud. It was very
loud and the bells were ringing, and
the hands were at straight up
twelve—straight
twelve.
And he said, "I've yelled and I've
yelled and I've yelled for the people to
wake up, and the alarm clock's going off,
and this
dispensation of time is coming to an
end.
But now I will shake to awaken."And I
saw the Lord Jesus go over and shake
that body. And he said, "They'll wake up
this
time."Many
people
take a lot to get up out of bed
sometimes.
But this time the Lord said, "I'm going
to get the attention of the world.
I'm coming.
I'm going to come and I'm standing at
the
door."I
just have an urgency in my heart
to just keep being that voice crying in
the wilderness, just like Paul Revere in
the midnight hour, riding his horse
telling you the British are coming, the
British are coming, just like he did to
the Minutemen to warn you that Jesus
Christ is coming.
I shout it on the wall
warning you and telling you it's time to
get your heart right before
the Lord before it's too late. Many of
you think you're promised tomorrow. Many
of you think that you'll go to bed
tonight and wake up tomorrow and
everything's going to be status quo. But
there's many of you that won't wake up
tomorrow.
Do you know, my friend?
It's so awkward when it's live
and I feel the anointing like that, and
my son's usually able to help me.
The cry for the man's soul comes through
me
to believe that every single one of you
would know him,
for you're running out of time.
And many think we have so much time. I
hear so many prophets say, "Oh, all this
time America and all this
stuff."Folks,
I'm telling you, shaking is coming.
As I warn you about Israel, you see it
today on the news. As I warn you about
these things, and they're rioting in
California, I warn you to
pray—not
a call to fear, a call to
prayer—to
get your house in order and
get sin out of your life and stop
walking that fence
saying, "Well, you know, I want a little
bit of the world and I want a little bit
of Jesus, but you know, as long as I'm
right there."No, I'm telling you all,
you're missing it.
You better be all in.
I'm sold out for
Jesus today. It's time to get sold out
for Jesus today.
I told you to pray for Mel Gibson.
I felt to pray for him, to keep
interceding for this man. The Lord said,
"I'm going to use him greatly in the
days ahead,
for he will help with this
last push.
Pray for his movies. There's a movie
coming."He
said, "Pray for this.
Intercede for him for fifty million
dollars."I
don't know what that was all about for
this movie thing. I see these numbers, I
see these things to pray. He told me, he
said, "Brandon, I'm cleaning up the
church right now."For judgment begins in
the house of the Lord first. I'm
cleaning up the church. I'm exposing
darkness.
For seedtime and harvest is
accelerating.
And whatsoever a man sows, that will he
also reap. And you think, 'Well, I did
all this, but there's no
accountability.'Listen,
just because you don't see the
fruit of what you sowed yesterday,
doesn't mean it's not coming. But the
Lord told me, he said, 'It's about to be
seed harvest. Time is
going to be shortened and it will be
seed harvest, seed harvest, not seedtime
harvest.'That's
what I'm trying to
say. And it'll be an acceleration, and
you're going to see people preaching in
the pulpits.
You will see this in the days ahead.
They'll be preaching, and because of
the manifestation of the harvest,
they'll go home right there because it's
like Ananias
and Sapphira.
Remember this.
I warn you about this. It's time to get
compromise out of the house of God.
It's time to get compromise out of the
house of God. He said, 'I'm bringing a
cleansing.'What
does that mean to you? I don't
know.
I know what it means to me. Be all-in.
Be radical for Jesus.
Be that voice of one crying in the
wilderness like John the Baptist,
telling them that Jesus Christ is coming
just like he did the first time. He's
raising up Davids now. I'm telling you,
he's raising up Davids. He's raising up
radical men and women of God to take the
baton, and let's do this final push. It's
a final push.
Will you be a harvester?
He's looking for the harvesters, the
people who will help him. If you
remember what I told you,
I saw the massive holes in his
hands and the wheat was beautiful and it
was bowing down before him. He walked
through that valley, and I
could see the wheat through his hands. He
showed me his hand. He said, 'I died for
every single one of them. I died for
every single one of them, Brandon. Will
you help me bring them in?
Will you help me bring them in?'And he
showed me his hands. And I could see
the glory of the Lord was shining
through his hands. I could see the big
old hole. But on the other side, I could
see the wheat swaying.
I'll never forget that.
I'll never forget it. It changed me. I
realized how close he was to coming.
People say, 'Oh, I've heard that. Oh,
we've heard that.
It's been years and years. Grandpa used
to tell me that, and his
grandpa used to tell him
that.'You
scoff. You say, 'Oh, where's the
sign of his
coming?'I'm
telling you, ladies and gentlemen,
Jesus Christ is coming.
Just like Noah,
building his ark. 'The rain's coming.
The rain's coming.'They laughed at him.
'You're a fool.
There's no rain. Crazy
Noah.'The
rain's coming. Get on the boat.
You're running out of time.
And then there was a day when the rain
came and it was too late. He was on the
boat, and the hand of the Lord shut
that ark. And the Bible says, ladies and
gentlemen,
that as in the days of Noah,
we're yelling as loud as we can to tell
you: get on the ark. Get on the ark. Watch
the
signs of the times. You see
it? Watch the fig tree.
Watch the fig tree. And we're watching
it. It's pretty awesome to be in
this time. Isn't it amazing,
ladies and gentlemen, that he chose you
and me? We're the closers. It's like in a
baseball game.
You see
the great
pitchers that are the best of the best.
Usually, they come out and close the
game up. And
we're the closers. God chose you and
me.
He chose you and
He could have chosen anybody, but we're
here. Why? Because he saw greatness in
you. He saw greatness in you. And he
knew he could trust you to help him
bring in the harvest. We could have
been born 100 years ago and we never
would have seen any of this. Brother
Hagin,
some of the people
that I've listened to since I was a little
boy, think about that. They're all gone
and are at home with him. But
he chose us.
It's time to get excited that he chose
you. You've been called to the kingdom
for such a time as this to be a closer.
He told me,
talking
about the
generation, he said, 'There will be a
generation, Brandon, that doesn't taste
death, and you're one of them. You will
not taste death in this life. To be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord.'But I'm telling you
folks, I believe he's coming.
Hallelujah. You should get excited about
that.
Watch, watch, watch.
I get excited. He's coming. So, let's
pray together today. All right. I know
this is a little different, but I said
what I needed to say. I
was going to take communion.
I never pray without taking communion. I
always pray and take communion first
before I go before his throne.
It's what we do, Diana and I. We
always do it. We'll do salvation in a
little bit.
Ready? Let's take communion together.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you,
and with your stripes, Lord, we're
healed. Now, Father, I thank you, Lord,
right now in the name of Jesus, for
every person who's believing for
healing,
for you're our great physician. And you
said that we're healed by your stripes.
It's already done. And just like the
woman with the issue of blood, Lord, we
latch on to the hem of your garment,
saying, 'Father,
I believe, I receive. If I just touch
your hem, I'll be made
whole.'And
I receive it right now from the top
of my head to the soles of our feet.
We're healed and whole and well.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
body that was broken for us. And we take
it by faith that we don't have sickness
in our bodies. We don't have disease in
our bodies. No weapon formed against us
is going to prosper. Every tongue that
rises against us, we condemn it. And we
take this body in the name of Jesus, and
we thank you, Father, for all that you've
done and all that you continue to do in
Jesus'name.
Now we take the blood, and we make much
of the blood, and the blood makes much of
us. It's time to get serious about
what the blood does for us. It's the
blood that never loses its power.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful
and just to forgive us of our sins and
cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we take this blood right now and we
thank you, Lord. We confess our sins. We
plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
our families, over my wife, my
children, over the finances, everything.
We cover ourselves in the blood. And we thank
you, Lord, that you are protecting us,
and no weapon—a thousand shall fall at
our side and 10,000 at our right hand,
but nothing shall come nigh us. And we
thank you, Lord, that
you're
bearing us up. Those angels are bearing
us up in their hands, lest we dash our
foot against a stone. Father, we enter
into your throne room boldly in the name
of Jesus. And we thank you, Father, for
it.
Glory to God. We're redeemed.
Hallelujah.
You want to drink?
How many we have today?
Thirty-three.
That's cool. That's a lot of people
praying at one time, huh?
All right. I got my water.
Now, there's a lot of you that don't
understand the baptism of the Holy
Ghost, and I understand that. But I'm
going to pray in the spirit.
So,
I'm going to pray, and this is when we're
going to enter in boldly into his throne,
and we're going to see if he has
anything to show us like he always does.
But we plead the blood over my eyes that
I'm not snared by any satanic or
demonic spirits. No, nothing, no weapon
formed against me as I cover my mind
right now. I enter into your throne
boldly. And if you have anything to show
me, Father, you'll show me. If not,
we'll just pray and we'll close it and
go on. We're not here to
perform. It's not a performance. This
isn't trying to get more subscribers.
Who cares? This is about being busy
about my Father's work, seeking him, and
finding him. That's what
it's about to me. But I'm just allowing
you in on my prayer time because this is
what we were going to do anyway, pray
about this war and what's going on.
So, I just thought—I felt the Holy
Spirit say, "Brandon, pray and bring the
people to pray. This is serious. Pray
for the 14th. Pray for the weeks
after."Okay.
We call all hidden things to be
revealed.
We
pray for our Homeland Security.
We pray for the FBI.
We pray over the President and his
family.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
them right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that no weapon formed
against them is going to prosper. We
pray over Washington, D.C., and all its
surrounding areas.
We come against any kind of terrorist
plot, any kind of act of war.
We thank You, Lord, that all hidden things
be revealed and exposed.
I see it like this—I just saw
it—just
like it was when Gideon...
We pray it right
now.
Joshua.
It's Joshua. I know.
Wasn't it
when they went in the camp and
all the enemies
turned on themselves? Yeah,
turning on themselves.
It's not Gideon; it's Joshua. Yeah.
We call confusion in the enemy's camp.
They're not able to adequately talk to
each other.
I see
internet chatter. You know, it's not
ChatGPT.
What's the thing where they're
talking,
communicating back and forth? WhatsApp? Telegram?
Yeah,
call confusion in the camp
so that it's
strategic—like
everybody trying to communicate
together to do it all simultaneously.
We call confusion in their camp.
It happened in Joshua and Judges, so
both Gideon and Joshua. Well, at least I
heard that right. Isn't it something when you're praying
live and you go, "Oh goodness, here we
go."Yeah,
both of them.
Praise the Lord. So
Gideon and Joshua caused confusion in
the camp. Yes.
So I see it,
that's what we're doing. We're bringing
down the strongholds,
right? Praise the Lord. Thank You,
Father.
This shows you we're all just
a work in progress. We're
pressing and going
from glory to glory. He's changing us
into
His likeness and image,
to perfect in me the love of God
shown to the world. For
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
Hallelujah. I love that song.
I'm so glad He's changing me.
Over
the trains,
the trucks, and the vans, we call for
exposing.
We call for exposing
over the big dump trucks. We call it in
the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Father, for the harvest.
We call them in. We
call the blinders off their eyes, for
Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbelievers.
We call those unbelieving
eyes to be eyes that understand and see.
We speak to those eyes:
eyes open in the name
of Jesus! Come out of your spiritual
deadness.
We thank You, Lord, for a supernatural
visitation and manifestation of the
glory and outpouring of Your
Spirit on the lost.
We call them in. Oh, we call them in.
One last call, one last
major harvest.
It's interesting because He's
going down the harvest of the
souls right now, calling in these lost,
calling in the harvest.
We call over Los Angeles, all the
way up to Seattle,
for signs will follow them that believe.
Signs will follow them that believe. Oh,
we believe, Lord.
Let
the glory of the
Lord rise in us.
The great tent revivals of old will come
again. We call the great tent revivals
coming in again. Oh Lord, we thank You.
Brush Arbor Churches.
We won't become so familiar with the
glory, Father, when it comes. We'll not
take it for
granted—the
healings and the
demonstrations and the manifestations of
the glory. We'll not take it for
granted.
Oh Lord, we'll not take it for granted.
He
says, "Work while it is day, for night is
coming."He
says,
"Satan, get your hands off our unsaved
loved
ones!"We
call them
into
the kingdom of God. We call them in
in the name of Jesus. According
to Ephesians 1, if the eyes of their
understanding would be enlightened, we
call their eyes to be enlightened today.
Flood them with light today.
We call them out of the pit of hell, out
of the darkness. They'll not burn
forever; they'll be in
heaven forever with us. We're going to
have them. We'll not have you
taking
them. We're not going to allow it.
We take our rightful seat and place of
authority according to Ephesians. We're
seated with You in the heavenlies
tonight. Father,
we call the people out
of hell.
They're not going to go.
The things that hold them
down—drug
addictions, sexual
addictions—oh,
what the devil meant for bad, God, You're
going to turn it around for good in
their favor.
You're
going to turn it around for good.
Give them ears to hear
and a
heart to receive what the Spirit of the
Lord is saying.
The blinders are falling off, the
bondages are falling off.
We call
freedom over them right now. Oh Lord, we
call freedom.
The chains that seem to bind them
are there only to remind them. They'll
drop powerless behind them when we
praise Him. When we praise Him, praise the
Lord.
We praise
You, Father. We worship You,
Father.
The chains are
breaking off. Oh Lord, we praise You.
The great
harvest of souls.
Oh Lord, one last push, one last call.
Visit America one more time
in
the greatest move that we've ever
seen before. We call for revival.
We call for
a great
reawakening
from
sea to shining sea all around this great
nation. Father, we call forth a revival.
For You said, 'I've given you a window.
What will you do with the
window?'It's
not a time to shrink back in fear.
It's a time to rise up with a backbone
like a crowbar and take the land for
Jesus.
We take authority over this spirit of
Antifa. We say you will bow your
knee in the mighty name of Jesus.
We will not have these riots across
this beautiful country burning our
cities. You'll not do this. We bind you
in the name of Jesus. Cease and
desist
your maneuvering against us. We plead
the blood of Jesus over this great
nation, for these marches where the people
won't even show up.
Go home, find something better to do.
We call peace on this nation. We call
peace, extending and stressing out
our law enforcement and our National
Guard.
It's an Antichrist spirit.
We're still here.
We pray over our nations. We pray over
Africa. We pray over Asia. We pray over
South America. We pray over Europe.
We pray over the Middle East.
We thank You, Lord, that You're stirring
in the hearts of our leaders. You're
stirring; we call it
stirring.
That You would visit them in the
midnight hour, Lord. That You would
visit them in the midnight hour.
Let them have an experience with You in
the midnight hour.
Shake to awaken.
For You said You were shaking the
politics, You were shaking the church,
You're going to shake the
foundation of the earth, You're going to
shake the finances, and You're going to
shake the heavens.
Shake it, Lord.
Shake it and wake
them
up, Lord.
That not one should perish, but all come
to repentance.
We call the incurables cured.
We call the healings healed. Whatever
they need, nothing's too big and
nothing's too small. It may be a
hangnail.
It may be something incurable
in the doctor's eyes, but we call them
healed and whole and well in the name of
Jesus.
I see healings taking place right now as
you're watching me right now
live. I see healings taking place. I see
healings. I see the glory of the Lord
visiting you right now in your
households.
I call it in. I call healing right now
in the name of Jesus. From the top of
your head to the soles of your feet.
Healing over your bodies.
Pray.
It's not a Holy Ghost lottery. Don't
have to call out what you're believing
for. Believe for it right now and take
it by faith. Receive what He
has for you. Say, "I take it, Father. I
take it. I take it
now."Oh,
the glory
is here.
Yes, the glory is here. You just got to
take it.
I can sense His mighty presence
in the very
atmosphere.
For whatever you may need,
reach out and receive
and say, "It's mine.
I take it
now."Oh,
the glory
is here.
Yes, the glory
I can sense His mighty
presence
in the very
atmosphere.
So whatever you may need,
reach out
and receive
and say, "It's mine.
I take it
now."Receive
it and say, "It's mine.
I take it now."We receive it by faith
today, Lord. We receive
everything that You have for us. We'll
lack no good thing, Lord,
and say, "It's mine.
I take it
now."Oh,
the glory
is here.
Yes, the glory
I can sense His mighty
presence
in the very
atmosphere.
So whatever you may need,
reach out
and receive
and say, "It's mine.
I take it
now."I
believe it. I believe it. I receive
it. That's what you got to say: "I
believe it, I receive it."I believe
whatever the Lord has for me, I believe
it. He became sickness, He became
disease. I don't have to walk in
poverty. I don't have to walk in lack. I
don't have to have barely enough and
barely getting by. He's an abundant
supply. Every good thing, every perfect
thing comes from the Father. He has it
all. God is a good God and the devil's a
bad devil.
For the Lord He is good, and His mercy
endures forever. Now Father, we lift up
Israel. That's why we came here. But
we prayed about
it, what You told us to do. Now God,
we're going this way. He said, "Go this
way
now."I
said, "Okay, I'll do it.
That's what He said to
do."He
said, "There's much more I need to
show you."That's what He said.
It's Your dance, Lord. We follow.
I'm thirsty, Lord.
We sit at Your feet. We're never in a
rush. We sit at Your feet, Father. What
is on Your heart today, oh God,
concerning these things? Not
what we want, but what do You have
to say, Father? We pray and we do what You
say, Father, and we will say what You
say. Speak, Lord, and we are hearing.
We knock at the door, and You said You'd
open it.
Seek and you'll find Me.
It's really interesting when I come up
to it. You can feel it in the spirit.
And
you know
He said, "How to eat an
elephant?"Remember,
one bite at a time.
Don't worry about it. Take care out of
your prayer
concerning these things. Yes.
So He said, "Don't worry.
Don't get all over that and worry.
Take your care out of your
prayer."So
many people have so much care, and
they
take the care. God's not in
the care of the prayer.
We're believing believers. Yes, we're
believing believers. We're not doubters.
Either you believe or you don't.
You're a believing believer who has
faith and what Jesus said He would do,
He would do it, or you don't. Are you
a
doubter? Are you a believer? But we're
not begging. We don't go to Him begging.
We're not begging believers. We're
believing believers. There's a lot
of people begging
all the time: "God, please help. God, do
this. Oh, God."We're not beggars.
We're believers.
Faith calls those things that be not as
though they were. Either you believe it
or you don't. That's why I say, "I'm not
moved by what I see. I'm not moved by
what I feel. I'm moved by what the word
says."Yes.
We're believing believers who believe
what the word says. And we can have what
we say. Life and death
is in the power of your tongue. What are
you saying out of your mouth?
"Oh no, everything's going down.
We're going to
zero. The sky is falling. Oh no."No. You
have what you say.
Change what you say out of your mouth.
Change it. We're believing believers
that change things. We believe things
are going to get better for the church.
We're rising up with a
backbone like a crowbar. Yes.
Okay, I get to that door and I just go,
"Oh goodness, that's me. I'm speaking to
myself.
I'm not talking to y'all. You're
just part of my prayer
time."Because
you get over in the flesh and
you start getting worried about what I'm
seeing, and I don't want to talk about
what I'm seeing. So I just get up to
that door and I go, "Oh."So the
Lord said, "Don't worry about
it."That's
what He's talking to me, and
you're just in on it.
He's talking to me: "Don't worry about
how you bite it. Bite one bite at a time,
Brennan."A
glimpse into our private
parcel. Yeah, you're getting a glimpse
of... So, He's correcting me. "Well, you're
a believing believer, are you
not?"Yeah,
He's correcting me. So, that's what I'm
telling you all. I'm hearing
what He's saying, and He's
correcting me. It's like so weird
because I'm talking to people on the
internet. I just go, "Okay."Oh, this is so personal
to me, letting people in my little circle, and
I just go, "Okay,
God."It's
very awkward, isn't it?
Well, it's a blessing. It's a blessing,
but at the same time, I'm just saying
for me, it's because
it's how you do it. It's
transparent. This is how we
do it. This is how I do it. You keep on
going. Okay, well, we're going to press.
That's what I'm saying. Don't look at
the door and look behind that door
because
what I just saw makes my flesh go,
"Uh-oh."Instantaneously,
your mind
tries to get overwhelmed by what you're
seeing over there. My mind did. Okay, so
because I don't see everything I
see because I'm live on this thing.
This is how prayer is. But that's how
you pray. So He said how you do it is one
bite at a time. You're not... you're
a believing believer. "What are you
saying?"That's
what He's speaking to me.
"Say it, Brennan. Be bold about what I'm
showing you. Pray into it."I'm like,
"Oh, it's overwhelming."But I'm like,
"Oh, my flesh is going, how
do I do this?"And I'm like, "Get out of
the natural. You got to get in the
spirit. Flow in the river. We're going
tubing."Yes,
it's time to go tubing. You
can't sit there and go, 'Well, oh no,
there's giants in the land, and we're the size
of grasshoppers.'Yeah,
you know,
because that's what your flesh wants to
do when you see certain things. And I
go, 'Oh, I'm up to the door.'And I'm
like, 'That door is really
big.'And
what I saw behind it is big. And
that's when you can't be
moved by what you see. You can't
be moved by what you feel. You're moved
by what the Word says: 'Greater is He
that is in me than he that is in the
world.'Does
that make sense? I hope that makes
sense. Yes,
so good. Okay, so let's go at it.
Greater is He. Father, we
pray over Benjamin, Benjamin Netanyahu.
I don't know his name, but
Father, we pray over him right now in
the name of Jesus. And this
war stuff you said,
'Consider the cost.
Consider the cost. This is very
expensive.'I
remember what you said
yesterday. You said, 'This is very
expensive if you push this
button.'Oh,
I see it. I see it again. The
50-gallon drums.
I see
the 50-gallon drums on the truck
through Syria,
in Damascus,
you hear me?
In the underground
cities
again
in
Iran. Oh man, it's in a mountain,
in a cave.
We call all hidden things to be revealed
with Hamas.
You hear me?
That's why He said, 'I circled
the month of September and I told you there
was
a cloud on
that.'Remember
that cloud I told you about?
Diana,
I said
there was something about September when
He circled it and I saw the dust on it.
And I said, 'What is this?'This is
Rosh Hashanah, do
you remember?
And I said this is the time frame
the Lord said to pray over September.
Oh,
and I see Iraq. I see our troops again.
Pray over
our troops. Oh, Father, a thousand shall
fall at their side and ten thousand at
their right hand, over our bases in
Iraq. We pray over them. We pray over
our men and women of service. Oh, I see
a swarm of
drones.
And it's
nighttime.
We pray over our troops. We pray
over our men and women of service.
No, you
do
not
touch them.
These are from Russia.
There's something tied to Russia.
Now I'm seeing Australia, and that's what
I think is interesting. What does
Australia have to do with that?
What is Australia? Father, I'm seeing
Australia.
He said, 'Pray for their protection.
Pray.'There's
an uprising. I don't
know why.
Pray over Australia.
Glory to God. And all of a sudden, I went
immediately to Canada. I'm looking into
Canada.
But what's interesting is going from
each one.
There's a great shaking coming to Canada.
This is literal. I see British
Columbia. There's
a great shaking coming
on the fault lines.
And
the buildings
are
moving.
We call
peace to the earth. That's
instantaneous. We pray peace to the
earth. Some things are to happen on
purpose. Some things are shaking because
of what I said in the Word: 'There'll be
earthquakes in diverse places.'He just
said some things will take place, you
understand?
But it doesn't have to hurt you.
That's what He said. He said, 'It
doesn't have to hurt you.'I'm not
participating; I'm covered in the
blood. Yes, it doesn't have
to hurt. He said, 'But it don't have to
hurt you, the believer.
I'm always in the right place at the
right time. No fear here.'That's what
He's saying.
Most people, they go, 'Oh no, it's
about me.'No, no. I'm a believing
believer. I'm in the right place at the
right time.
Yellowstone.
Believing believers.
See, part of prayer is listening.
This is the part we edit
because you don't want to be silent for a long
time on a broadcast, you know, you be
quiet. You don't sit there just
ratchet-jawing
all the time.
Listen,
pray, pause, listen.
It's not a hurry. It's not a rush.
That's why I don't do live a lot.
It's quiet. You let Him talk. I've
been praying for so long now. Let Him
talk. Be quiet.
You have to listen. Get
quiet inside. That's what I'm trying to
teach you all so much. Just pray.
Okay. Amen. Bye.
It's
dominion.
But for
the sake of them, Brandon, did pray—this
is for you,
this is private, you
know, I do it later. I listen.
I see it.
So we pray over Israel. We pray over
those 50-gallon drums. We pray
over this, that they
eliminate the nuclear capabilities of
them. I saw a setting back.
There's more to come. I heard the Lord
say right then, He just said, 'There's
more to come. This is just the
beginning. There's more to
come. There's a retaliation
coming.'That's
why He says, 'Consider the
cost.'You
hear? But
we call an iron dome of protection. Even
over America, we call an iron dome over
America.
I see England, and I see
Emmanuel
Macron.
They're speaking out, condemning,
they're upset about this. Emmanuel Macron,
as I speak,
I see
a
speech.
I see a dividing of who
stands and who doesn't. And this is the
difference between the goat and the
sheep.
Do you understand what I'm saying? I
see goats and
sheep.
We want to be a sheep nation. I don't
want to be a goat.
We don't always agree with an
administration and the decisions people
make, but we stand with the
people and we stand with the Lord.
Administrations come and go,
but we stand with Israel,
the people, God's people. Do you
see? I don't believe in separation
theology. Don't believe in it. So if
you believe in that, you're watching the
wrong person. I believe God's called
us.
I believe there's a blessing on His
people. I believe those that bless
Israel, He'll bless. And I believe,
yeah, we have people we don't always
agree with in leadership, just like we
do in America. We don't agree with the
far left, but we still pray for them
and the decisions they make, that the
hand of the Lord would be upon our
leaders
regardless of their
boneheaded decisions or not. Do you
understand? We still pray for our
leaders.
We say, 'Father, have your hand
on
them.'Thank
you, Lord, that you give them
wisdom and you would correct them if
they need
correcting.
If they need
to
correct Trump, you correct him. Let
them have a heart that—because even what
Diana's talking about, she said He
hardens the hearts and He softens the
hearts. We pray softness over their
hearts.
He hardened the heart of Pharaoh how
many times,
and then He made it soft and they all
fled.
Israel was able to escape and
then He hardened the heart.
We can pray, 'Father, I thank you that
you soften the hearts of our leaders
today.'We
soften the hearts of President
Trump. We soften the heart of JD Vance.
And we thank you, Lord, that they're
pliable in your hands, that
you're the potter and we're the clay.
You mold us and make us each day. Soften
their hearts toward you, Father. Oh,
Father, we thank you, Lord. Soften
hearts
all around the world. Father, I
thank you, Lord, you soften the heart of
Xi Jinping and over Kim Jong-un and all
the tyrants, over all of them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're
softening the hearts. If you could deal
with Pharaoh,
you can deal with them.
Glory to God. You believe that today?
Yes. Do you believe that today? Yes. He
can soften the hearts of our leaders.
Even if they're dead wrong,
say, 'Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you're moving in our behalf today.
You're softening the hearts today,
making them pliable. They're the
clay, Lord. You're pushing
on them and you're molding
them on that potter's wheel, and you're
molding them. Sometimes they're hard on
purpose. Remember, he used Pharaoh
and it was to get what needed to be done,
done.
It's for a purpose. Look at the
testimony that came out of that. Yes.
Look at the testimony that came out of
Israel. It came out of a hard time,
but boy, when they left, they
left with the silver and the gold, and
not a feeble one among them. They left
with the riches of Egypt, and
they left healed.
And I believe the body of Christ is
leaving healed. That's what the revival
is for.
Not a feeble one among us. Yes. I
remember what I told you. You'll have to
resist it and say, "I don't want this
healing."That's
how much it's going to
be in this next revival.
Lord, I don't know about that. No, I'm
talking you're going to have to just
flat lay down and play dumb. I don't
want this. It's going to be a glorious
church, praise God, without spot or
wrinkle. Yes. Not weak, busted, and
disgusted, barely getting by, hiding in
a hole. Come and get us, Lord. No, with
a backbone, healed and whole and well.
Not with satanic bondage, walking around
going, "Oh, no. How, you know, I've been
dealing with this and dealing with
that."No,
I'm talking about He came to
set the captives free. Yes. Do you
believe it?
Do you believe it? I believe it.
I believe it.
I believe you've come to set the
captives free.
I believe, Father, that you died and
rose again on the third day.
I believe you're the Son of God, Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you wrote my
name in the Lamb's Book of Life,
that you've built in me a big house, a
big old mansion in heaven. And Father, I
thank you, Lord,
that the best is yet to come. It's like
Kim says, "I'm somewhere in the future,
and it looks a lot better than it looks
right now."Yes. I'm telling you, we have
glorious days ahead, folks. A
thousand-year reign with Jesus. Thank
you, Jesus, for you've made a way for us
to walk in victory. We're on the victory
side. Yeah, we're on the victory side.
We're not living
underneath the bottom of the barrel, the
barrel on top of us.
It's time to get excited about what God
is doing in us. The word is working
mightily in me.
The word is working mightily in me. Do
you believe it?
Is it working mightily in you? Thank
you, Father.
Glory to God. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
How long's this been going on, son?
An hour and 21. Hour and 21. It's always
about that. Yeah. You can feel the flow.
Sometimes you go longer.
There's more to pray. He said, "If you
want to save it for another day, you
can do
it."I
have nowhere else to go.
I want to work. Yeah. If they want to
pray, they'll stay. If they don't, fine.
Yes. But Father, I thank you, Lord. We
pray over our nation over the Fourth of
July. We pray over these trucks. I see
the trucks. I see the vans. People say,
"Oh, those vans. Where'd they go? You
said there's vans."No, no, they're still
there. I see them.
The vans, the trucks with the 50-gallon
drums, the fertilizer.
Oh,
we thank you, Lord. They're coming out
of the secret places and they'll be
busted. All our Homeland Security, our
FBI, they're top-notch. I thank you
for top-notch because they're seeing and
they're knowing. They're seeing. They
may not even know they're hearing
you, Father. But Father, you're
revealing the hidden things. You're
revealing the hidden things. We pray
over every hidden thing be revealed.
We can even touch on that virus right
now, folks. We're together. We can pray.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that not one
virus, not the virus, that this new
biological weapon, this thing that you
showed me, Father,
with this AI—Father,
I thank
you, not one of
us—it
would touch any of us.
Father, a thousand shall fall at
our side and ten thousand at our right hand, it won't
come nigh. But Father, I thank you, Lord,
that it's shrinking. It's diminishing.
And it will not happen at all. It won't
happen at all. It won't
happen to us.
It won't happen to us.
That's what I stand on. We have a
covenant. Won't happen to us.
Stay on track. So He said, "Stay on
track. Pray this way
back over there. Pray over the Trump
Towers."That's
what He said. He said,
"Brandon, pray over my towers. Pray
over those towers. I'm in New York. Pray
over Chicago. Pray over Chicago. Pray
over New York. The towers, Trump towers,
the
hotels."That's
serious. It's about those towers
and praying over retaliation,
touching things that are important to
him,
him, hitting him where it hurts.
So, we pray a hedge of protection around
President Trump right now. We pray a
hedge of protection. It's like what
was going on with Elon speaking out and
saying things that are rude, trying to
hurt him because they're friends. It
cuts. People hurt you. They
hurt you. You trust them and
they're friends to you, and then they
backstab you and they hurt you.
Words hurt
regardless. "Well, I'm sorry
for saying that."It still hurts.
"Well, I shouldn't have said that. I
shouldn't have said that in my
tweet."Well,
yeah, you're right, you
shouldn't. It's not very mature, was it?
No, but it still hurt. You trust people.
Father, I thank you for supernatural
wisdom, that he would allow around
him the people that are good. That he
would have more discernment on who's bad
in his inner circle. That he would know,
don't allow this person, this person,
this person. I saw three more people
that are rats.
There's three more rats.
It makes me angry.
The devil will strategically put people
around you, and you'll have
Delilahs
around you, and you don't even know
they're cutting your hair. Samson knew.
He told her. But I'm just
saying it's a type
and
shadow. You allow Delilahs in your
inner camp, and they're cutting your
hair, telling the Philistines,
and you go, "Oh, well, I trusted
her."She's
Delilah,
huh? You don't trust Delilah.
Delilah is Delilah. Jezebel's a Jezebel.
You know,
don't be friends with Jezebel.
Don't be friends with Delilah. "Tell him
the meaning of the riddle."They tell the
meaning of the riddle. Yeah. It's the
first wife. It's the first wife. Yep.
And that's what we pray for Trump to
have discernment on who he allows around
him. Yes. That he would walk in a
supernatural wisdom like Solomon.
And when they tried to divide the baby,
you know who the real mother is.
You know who the real mother is, said
Trump. We pray for that for you. They
would say, "Oh, you're the false
mother. Divide her and divide the baby
in two."No, no, no, no. You're the
right mom. We pray for wisdom like
Solomon on President Trump, that he
would lead this nation for this window
of opportunity for three and a half
years, lining up
strategically to get the job done,
putting it strategically in place. Yes.
For the end times. Yes. Thank you,
Father. He said, "I raised him up on
purpose, and I pray a hedge of
protection around this man. I pray a hedge
around his wife and around the decisions
that he makes in the future, even
concerning this Israel thing is
strategic.
Who do you line up with? Who do you
stand with?"I'm talking about the sheep
and the goats. I hear it. The sheep and
the goats are coming, a dividing of the
lines of things.
There's a blessing and a cursing.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
protection of his towers. We thank you,
Lord, for his hotels, for everyone in
the hotels, for the Fourth of July. Father,
I thank you, Lord, for the 14th all
the way up until the 4th of July.
There's a covering
over. We'll keep praying as a
family here, praying over our nation,
praying over things like how we did
clear up until his inauguration.
The Lord told me, remember, I warned
you all, I saw June and the Lord said,
pray over June and July. But I
saw more attempts trying to hurt him.
Pray over him. Pray for protection.
Nothing happened last time,
and it won't happen again.
We're not going to see it. No.
God has a purpose and a plan for him to
live long and finish strong.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. We thank
you for this great nation, Father, for
all the protests on the 14th.
They're just going to dwindle to
nothing. They're going to
fall apart.
Confusion
in the enemy's camp, Father, that we'll
have peace upon America. Peace in
the name of Jesus.
Peace, Father.
Amen and amen. Everybody believe that
today?
Well, I appreciate everybody joining me.
Does anybody have anything else they
see? It's not all about me; I'm just
here.
I saw a lot of people asking for
prayer for unsaved loved ones.
We pray for them.
I felt a great push on that
tonight.
Call in those unsaved loved ones, born
again today, that
you're going to wake up in heaven and
suddenly
everything has an expiration date in
your life. Remember that
you may go to bed with something and
wake up totally free. You don't know,
you know what I'm saying? I'm believing
that the expiration date is today.
Your
unsaved, they call you and say,
'Hey, listen, I gave my heart to Jesus
today. It was wild. And I came across
this guy, and he was in the mall and he
walked up to me and started witnessing
to me, and I thought, I'll just listen to
this guy for a little bit, and I felt
the anointing and it came on me, and I
gave my heart to Jesus.'You don't know,
it could happen.
Believe God for
big.
Go on praying for the Christians in
Iran, their protection.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
Christians in Iran, the Americans in
Iran. If there's any Americans, if
there's any Christians, Father,
we thank you, Lord,
that you put a hedge around and about
them, that they're not in harm's way. We
thank you, Lord, that they're always in
the right place at the right time, and
we cover them in the blood of Jesus. And
those secret intel people that I saw, I
saw secret spies in each one, we pray
supernatural protection over them in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father, for healing and
deliverance over their bodies. We thank
you, Lord, for it.
Well, everybody say amen and amen. I
appreciate you being here today. I hope
this blessed y'all. I just felt an
urgency to pray, praying over these
things. I believe we've done some
great things in the spirit realm.
Salvation, yes, Diana said salvation.
Yes. If you are here
and you have never said the sinner's
prayer, you've never asked Jesus Christ
to be your Lord and personal Savior, we
want to lead you in that prayer right
now. I don't ever want to close any kind
of broadcast without giving you an
opportunity to make a choice.
It's time to make a choice. It's time to
get right with Jesus. If you've never
accepted him, today is your day. I want you
to say this prayer after me. It doesn't
have to be all religious, y'all. I'm the
furthest thing from religious. I'm
telling you, I'm just me,
you know? But I'm just telling y'all,
it's nothing hyperspiritual or weird.
It's relationship.
And you just have to say a simple prayer
and believe it in your heart and just
say, 'Jesus, I need you.'So, just say
this prayer with me. Father, I believe
Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died on the cross and you
rose again on the third day.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life.
I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Forgive me of my sins. Forgive me, I've
messed up. I can tell you
I mess up, Lord, but I know your
grace is sufficient for me.
I want to make you my Lord and personal
Savior.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
The Bible says, 'If you confess your
sins, he is faithful and just to forgive
you of your sins and cleanse you from
all
unrighteousness.'So
today, Father, I confess my sins
before you. I have a ton. And I thank
you that you're cleansing me
from all unrighteousness.
I want to be saved. I want to be born
again.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you. From this day forward, I make
you my leader, my all
in all. Today, Lord, I make you my
leader. Forgive me,
I'm coming home. I need you.
That's it. You say, 'Well, Brandon, that
wasn't that good of a
prayer.'That's
all it needs; it's from the heart. Confession
is
made
with the heart. It's a heart thing. We
don't have to be religious.
It's up to your heart. What do you
believe? I believe he forgave me. Do you
believe he forgives you? You may have a
rap
sheet that's huge, all
kinds of things. You think God
is
so far out there, God's never
going to forgive me, I've messed up so
big, he'll never accept me. But guess
what? As you confessed it, he's forgiven
it and he's cleansed you from it, and
it's as far as the east is from the
west. He doesn't remember it. Yes, it's
in the sea of forgetfulness. I believe
it. Now, what do you do? I always say
this: find a Bible-believing church that
will teach you the word of God.
And
you'll know when you get there,
you'll fit. You'll feel good. The Holy
Spirit will lead you. Then read your
Bible every day and pray. Volunteer at
the church, pray, and seek him.
Witness to people, do everything. You're
wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. The moment you
said that prayer, you're
wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. He's all inside of you. He's
running overflow of the Holy Ghost. You
can't do any more to get saved. It's
done. Your name is written in the Lamb's
Book of Life. Now, you can turn away and
skin your knee and you can fall down.
But the moment you do that, you pick
yourself up and say, 'Father, I messed
up today. Forgive me.'And keep going.
That's why I take communion all the
time. Run to God, not away from him.
Yeah, you run to God when you sin, you
don't run away from him. Your sin
is none of the devil's business. Now, do
you understand? You belong to Jesus.
I don't care what the devil said. He's
a liar; he can't tell no truth. The
Bible says he's the father of
lies. So why would you listen to a
liar?
And he's defeated and he's fixing to
spend eternity in hell. So why would we
listen to a loser?
I'm listening to a winner. I have a
winner's mentality. I listen to the
Father; he's a winner. He kicked his
tail and made a show of him
openly
that, 'I am King of kings and Lord of
lords, and, sucker, you're underneath my
feet.'Do
you believe that or not? That's
why I say, when the devil tries to
remind me of my past, 'Brandon, remember
when you did this?'I say, 'Oh, but
you're going to burn in hell. The
lake of fire is coming for
you.'And
he tries to bring up doubt in your
life. Tell him, 'I'm a believing
believer, devil. I'm not a
doubter. I doubt your doubt.
I'm not going to receive doubt.
I'm doubting your doubt right now. I'm
not receiving that.''Well, you'll never
get healed. You're never going to get
out of this. Megan will never talk.
She's never...''No, I doubt your doubt,
devil.
I'm not receiving it.
I'm not receiving what you
say.'He
always tries to come in
discouragement, trying to speak in your
ear. Remind him of his future. Yes, you
are going to burn in hell forever, and
your time's coming faster. I'm telling
you, the clock's ticking. The
hands are straight up twelve and you're
about to burn.
Just letting you know your time's
running out. You know it, and that's why
you're scared.
He's trembling because he knows his time
is coming to an end. And most people go,
"Well, no, Jesus is
coming."Yeah,
Jesus is coming.
It's time to get excited. Yes. Okay,
so I'm back to the altar call. I went
off on a rabbit trail. Sorry. Squirrel!
Squirrel!
Here I go again. Squirrel!
It's like that movie Up. I love that. "Up,
squirrel!"No,
seriously, if you need a
Bible and you can't afford a Bible, Diana
and I
want to buy
you a Bible. Email us.
The email address is
in the description below, and then just
put "Bible"in the subject line of
the email and give us your
address, and I'll send a Bible from
Amazon to you for free. Is
that a blessing? We won't do anything
with your information. So, yeah, and
we're not going to bother you ever
again. So don't go saying, "Well, no,
he's asking just so they can mail us
stuff."I
don't want junk mail either.
I get it. Oh, God, more trash. These
are
fire starters. I
don't need fire starters. You have all
these fire starters in your house. I
have a big drawer of them. I go, "Oh
man, don't send me stuff. Email me
or something."You know, I don't want
paper stuff. It's like fire starters.
Whatever. Well, I appreciate y'all being
here today.
But please do, if you need a Bible,
we'd love to help you. It's time. You
got to read it. The only way you're
going to have victory over the devil is
if you understand the word of God.
You've got to get that word down inside
of your heart and make it your foundation. If
you don't have a foundation of the word
of God for what I see coming, you're
going to be on sandy soil and
you're in trouble. You've got to get the
word down inside your heart, and it
changes you from the inside out. It
changes you from the inside out. It's
the word that's working mightily in me.
Do you believe that today? You've got to
get that word. People say, "I
don't understand it."Then find a Bible
that you understand. There's tons on the
Bible app. I think there's I
don't know how many interpretations
or
different versions of it. And there's so
many people that
say
the King James Version is the only
one you should read. But if you don't
understand it, then it's not getting
inside of you. If you're not getting it
inside of you, it's not changing you
from the inside out. And guess what? The
devourer
is coming.
The Bible says he comes as a roaring
lion seeking whom he may devour. Yes,
whom
he may devour. Who is he able to devour?
The people who don't understand who they
are.
The people who don't have a covenant,
that don't know it, that don't
understand Ephesians. "Well, Ephesians is
so hard to understand. I don't
understand."Why?
Because you didn't read
it. And you don't understand because
you're reading a Bible that you don't
get.
You keep going round robin with things.
You're going around
the mountain in the wilderness, just like
the children of Israel, over and over and
over again, thinking you're going to get
better. And
insanity
is to keep doing the same thing over and
over expecting different results, and
you're not getting different results unless
you put
the word of God inside of you
and change yourself from glory to
glory. And the only thing that's ever
going to change you is not prayer; it's
the word of God. Prayer is
relationship,
prayer is drawing close to Him and
talking and fellowship, but the word is
what works and changes you.
You've
got to have the word. I pick up my
phone because that's my Bible. That's
where I take it with me everywhere. I
don't
like carrying a big book around with
me. I
carry it on
my phone. So if I'm in the car and
I'm waiting on Diana somewhere, what's
going on? Something good is inside of
there. And you know what? As we grow
from glory to glory, you're finding new
word
and it's something new in there every
time. I've read that
Psalms 91 fifty times, a
hundred
times, whatever, and I
found something brand new in there.
That's why Diana's Bible, if you saw
hers, it looks like a coloring book. I
say,
"My wife is coloring
in her Bible all the time."I have
a white highlighter.
I tell her, "What are you doing over there?"She
says,
"This is good."I'm like,
"Okay."She's
highlighting
everything, just like this. That's what
I hear all the time. I say,
"You..."She
goes, "I ran out of highlighters again
today, Brennan."I said, "That's the
fifth pack this couple weeks.
What are you doing over
there?""I'm
coloring.
It's good, don't you know?"I'm like,
"Yeah, okay."She has a
large print Bible. She gets one
every year. At the beginning of the year,
she
gets it, and she got a new
one. She found the original Amplified.
Yeah, the Amplified Classic. It's hard
to find now. Yeah, I got a parallel one,
parallel King James. I'm
excited about it. She's flexing on it
right now.
I switch versions. So, you know, I'll go to
the
New Living Translation. And then
we're
reading the book on heaven. Do you have
that book? Oh, you don't. Your
laptop's in your lap, so you can't get
it. It's right there, baby. There's
somebody in here that has OCD and
they're wanting prayer. So, okay,
Paisley said she wanted me to tell you.
She says, "Can you pray for
this person who has
OCD?"Yes,
Paisley's in there crying out for
whoever this is with OCD. Paisley's in
the chat, my little girl. This book,
I'm telling y'all, I just love this.
We got another book from somebody who sent
us a book yesterday, and
they
said they visited heaven and hell, and I
was like, well, that's another one to
read. I don't know what that's all
about. We'll have to see. Some things,
I'm going to be real with y'all. Sometimes we
go through things, and I don't
feel peace about reading some of these
books. And I said, "Don't do
that."I'm
not picking at you; I'm just
saying the Lord won't allow me to do
it. But this is something that I'm
telling y'all, I enjoy this book a lot,
and I'm thankful. I don't know who
that man is, but Sister Billy Brim told
us about it, and I'm telling you,
we're cautious of what we listen to and
what we read, and what you're putting in
your spirit. Don't put everything in
your spirit that every
Tom or whatever comes around and
gives you and says, "This is
spiritual, read it."Be discerning of
what you let in your eyes.
Don't just feed on everything,
because you don't know
if they're listening to the Holy Ghost
or some familiar spirit as they're
writing that. And I know some people get
way off, and you go, "Hold on a minute,
hold on a minute."It's like some of the
things I hear, I have to go
strictly. That's why I don't do a lot of
collabs, if you notice. It's
like whenever some people
reach out to you and say, "Hey, I want
you to do collabs,"I just don't feel peace
about it because I don't know what
they're going to say in the future, and I
don't want you to say, "Well, I've
connected with them, and Brandon
approves of it,"and I don't know what
they're going to say. So I'm very
cautious because I take this platform
very seriously, what God's given me. And
I don't want to lead you all wrong. It's
that important to me that we pray and we
do what God's called us to do. That's why I'm
like, should I
do that collab? I don't know.
No, probably not, because I don't
control them. But the moment you
start linking up with some folks,
you go, "I shouldn't have done
that."Not
that I'm any better, because I don't want to
let anybody down either. I'm just
telling you all, but I guard
it. This is a baby to me. Our
ministry is a baby, and it's praying over
it and seeking the Father daily for
a
fresh word for you. The Lord said, "Remain
as
an oasis in the desert for the people
to come and drink from."And that takes
work.
It's not something you just—it's work.
You have to work
it. You stay in the river. But to stay
in the river, you have to stay vertical
and you've got to stay with Him. And that
takes dying to self. And most
people go, "Well, you just get
there."Well,
you know, no. You die
daily. That's what the Bible, the
Apostle Paul, right? He said, "I die
daily."I'm
getting
that. Why did he die daily? Because he had
to stay vertical. And the flesh is
always trying to scream louder than your
spirit. It's like, "I want a cupcake.
Brandon, take me to get ice
cream."I'm
like, "Shut up. Shut
up."You
drive by Baskin-Robbins or Braum's, and
you're going, "Shut up."And I'm
driving. I told Dee, I go, "Gosh, I want
that ice cream right
there."Especially
Paisley. And I've got
a little girl in the back. Paisley
is
always going, "Daddy, I want a
treat."I'm
like, "You didn't."Oh, okay,
snow cone. I don't know, especially in
the summer now. Like, she's wanting you
to pray for—oh, I know. I've got this: OCD
and drugs. OCD and drugs.
You've
got a little Paisley in the background going, "Pray,
Daddy."I
know, baby, I
will. Okay. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that OCD is broken off of this
individual right now in the name of
Jesus. We take authority over the spirit
of OCD. We tell you to bow your knee in
the name of Jesus. Release them and let
them go from the top of their head to
the soles of their feet. I call you
delivered from OCD.
Come out of them in Jesus'name. You foul
devil, you foul, unclean spirit, you come
out of them in the name of Jesus Christ. Let
them go.
Let them go.
Yes, you do, you let them go. Let them
go.
Delivered, set free in the name of
Jesus.
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord. From
the top of their head to the soles of
their feet,
obsessive-compulsive
disorder is broken off of them now in
Jesus'name.
The
Lord said PTSD;
I say freedom from PTSD, night
terrors,
night terrors. I call healing,
wholeness, and wellness over your mind
right now. You sleep soundly through the
night, uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force. You sleep.
He said He gives His beloved sweet and
restful sleep.
And I call peace over you, for He said,
"Peace I leave with you. My peace I give
to you."That means you've already got
it.
He already has given you that peace that
passes all understanding, and we receive
that peace right now in the name of
Jesus. And deliverance from drugs and
healing from brain cancer. Healed from
brain cancer, cancer dried up, go away.
Thank You, Lord, that there's no more of
that pain and that there's
freedom from drugs—drugs of all kinds:
oxycodone,
heroin,
meth,
and even light drugs like marijuana.
We call you free in the name of Jesus.
We call them free in the name of Jesus,
especially over
fentanyl.
We call fentanyl, we speak to be
free from
fentanyl
in the name of Jesus, healed and whole
and well. And we call all those cravings
to dry up, drying up right now, drying up
right now, that the absolute look and
sight of it would make them nauseous,
that it would be repulsive to them.
They'll never touch it again.
Father, You're the Most High, and
Father, You fill them up to the
overflow, and they don't ever need any
other high other than You
in Jesus'name. Alcohol addiction. I see
alcohol. You say, "Well, I just drink
occasionally."Alcohol
addiction—it's
trying to get a root in your life.
It's trying to get a stronghold on you,
social drinking. Well, "I'll just
drink a glass of wine with my friends
everywhere,"but
the enemy is trying to
get a stronghold.
I don't know who this is. This right
here, I see a white
countertop.
This is a woman,
and it's social drinking. Could be a
man, too. Don't know if it's for you too and
you're a man, but I'm
specifically talking to a woman right
now—social
drinking with your girlfriends,
and the devil's trying to come in
through this alcohol, and he's trying to
get a stronghold on you.
Don't allow it.
If you give the devil an inch, he'll take a
mile.
He doesn't play fair.
Well, "it's just friends, we're just
socially doing this."Don't touch it.
Don't play with fire.
I'm telling you, it's time for you to be
free from that. Father, we thank You,
Lord, for freedom right now in the name
of Jesus. We call freedom over
these people right now, all the
people who are dealing with social
drinking and feeling it's okay. We call
them free in the name of Jesus, and we will
not give any place for the devil. The
Bible says, "Give no place to the
devil."Don't
open any door for the devil,
especially in these last days.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that they're
free.
We thank You, Lord, they're free today,
for whom the Son has set free is free
indeed. Father, we thank You for it
right now in Jesus'name. Amen. Amen. I
don't know who that was for, but I saw
that really clear.
Somebody's talking about kidney
transplants and lungs.
Father, we thank You for the
kidney transplant and lungs. Thank You,
Lord, for the healing, wholeness, and
wellness. Now, I've prayed over
that
stage four cancer. Stage four cancer
is going away right now. I believe it.
Thank You, Lord. If you all remember the
testimony when I prayed for the man
walking down the road, and he needed two
brand new lungs, and the doctor told
him he's on a donor's list, and the power
of the Holy Spirit went on him and
delivered him. He got two brand new
lungs just walking around on the street.
We laid hands on him, and the Lord
touched him.
I'm telling you, he ran up to me
within—was
it a week or so later? Yeah, that
was amazing. It was amazing. In fact,
I've
got a picture of him. I never show it, I
don't know, I probably
should.
Yeah, I try to keep people's
privacy. His whole face, his whole—even
though
he was a black
man, and he had gray skin because of the lack
of
life. It's like his whole
countenance, everything. He just had
this life come into him, and his face was
shining. It was amazing
when he came to tell us his testimony.
He had tubes in his nose, and he was just
grinning from ear to ear. He walks
around smiling all the time. He said, "The
Lord healed me,"and he
said, "They took me off the donor's list.
I don't need them anymore."I remember it.
I
was standing out there mowing the grass,
and the Lord touched his life, changed
him from the inside out. Do you get it?
God is a God who restores what the
cankerworm
ate, folks. And He's about
to restore everything in your life that
you're believing for. I want you to
believe God for big today.
He restores what the cankerworm ate.
He'll restore it
for you.
I'm telling you, I didn't expect
anything, I'm going to be real with you, because,
you know, you pray for some folks and
sometimes you think, "Well, I don't
know, do you?"But God showed up.
Believe big. Believe big.
That's why I go around, and I say, "Lord,
I believe. Lord, help my unbelief.
I don't want to be a doubter.
I believe, Lord, help my unbelief."If
I've
got unbelief in me, change me,
Lord. Faith cometh by hearing, and
hearing by the word of God. The only way
faith comes—you say, "Well, Brandon,
you've seen these miracles. You've seen
dogs raised from the dead, you've seen
all this stuff. Boy, your faith has
really
increased."No.
The only way faith comes is not by
seeing miracles.
It didn't say, "Faith cometh by seeing
lots of miracles, so you'd better turn on
a healing evangelist on the TV because
it's going to increase your faith. Boy,
watching a lot of miracles ought to make
your faith increase."No, that's not what
the Bible said. Faith cometh by hearing,
and hearing, and hearing the word of God.
The only way faith comes—say this: "The
only way my faith is going to grow is by
getting in that word,
not seeing miracles,
but
by hearing the word of
God."And
people need to know that. They
think, "Well, I'm going to see all this
stuff and it's going to increase me. I'm
going to be Superman in
faith."That's
what I'm talking about. Remember I told
y'all yesterday I was seeing in the
glory and the Lord showed me a super
suit—our
armor.
And he said that—I said it like, "our
super suit, our armor, the armor of
God."Now,
that was cool because he said,
"I'm going to show up and show off in
your life if you believe me, Brandon.
You're carriers of the glory.
You're carriers."Are you a carrier of
the King? He lives on the inside of you.
He lives on the inside of you. You're
wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. He lives on
the inside of you. You're a carrier of
the King.
I drink my mineral water. Water
is kind of boring in itself, so I try
to add this sparkling stuff. So, I drink
it a lot. A lot of people say, "You
shouldn't do that."I'm like, "It's
better than Coke."I used to drink a lot
of Diet Cokes and stuff, and I don't
drink those anymore. I got away from
that because it's
bad—aspartame
and stuff. I don't drink
all that. And then I went to those
Stevia Cokes, you know. I like the
cream soda. So, I try to drink
these.
That company likes me.
Well, I don't know, I don't want to be
boring you all. I guess that's good
enough for today. We could
come on here and just talk to y'all, but
I try not to do that.
They said cream soda fire. I agree,
don't you? The Stevia one. I don't have
any around. Usually, I have like two or
three laying around. I like
drinking stuff. It's like you got
the tea. I told you, it's like
Texas—we
drink a lot of tea. I love
McAlister's
tea. And I can go in there
and get a big jug of that,
unsweet. We won't drink the sweet
anymore because it's making me blow up.
I don't want to get fat.
It took me a while to get used
to drinking unsweet tea, but
for a while, with the ice, I said, "Just
add a lemon to it, Di. I can't take
this."Sweet
is too sweet. It tastes like
syrup because most
people put too much, I think. Well,
that lady said they put like four
huge bags of
sugar in a five-gallon thing.
And I'm like, "That's like
diabetes in a
jug."I'm
not doing that. I didn't realize it. And
we were drinking a lot of those sweet
gallons because Megan liked it, you know.
And I said, "Well, it's not good for your
teeth anyway because of all that sugar on those
teeth, and I don't want cavities."So, I
thought, "Well, why not just do the
unsweet tea, and we'll try
it."And
now I'm getting used to it. It took me a
little bit. It's the same thing when you
get a sweet tooth like I've had, and you
get in there and you snack on things, and
then Diana finds those
all-natural
chips and she says, "This is
natural."And
I think, "Oh, it's
natural; it's good for
me."No,
it ain't good for you, Brandon. You
don't need a bag of chips. No, I like
those. Those are natural. They're okay.
They're friendly.
But now she's on the kick of making
bread. And she
found—okay,
so listen to this, this is awesome,
y'all.
She got these
wheat berries
from Billy Burke.
His wife sent them to us and she said,
"I want to bless you. I want to teach
you how to make this
bread."I
love Billy Burke. He is my friend.
And now he's my double friend
because he taught us how to make
muffins. And she makes these muffins
that are homemade, freshly
milled.
She has a miller and she
grinds up the wheat in there, and she gets
the real berries and she grinds them up.
And Dina, she goes, "Honey, what kind do
you want? Ezekiel bread
tonight."And
there's all kinds of old
grains—spelt—that
are really good. It
starts with a K; I can't remember the
other one. And so she makes these hot
muffins and I'm telling you what,
they're a blessing.
I told her, "Okay, I'll
do one or two a day."But they
really are good for you because they
scrub your colon walls. So, they're
helping you.
They're supposed to—now, it's
like real fiber, you know, and so
she's doing all
this
research stuff, finding out about the
vitamins and stuff that's in real wheat,
and how the processed flour is not as
good for you. So, it's really cool. And
I'm like, "Hey, you know, the history of
it."We
perish for a lack
of knowledge. And I told her,
"The more we learn, the more we learn.
Isn't this wonderful? Isn't
Jesus wonderful?"Hot muffins,
hot muffins, woo! With a little butter
on there. I said, "Thank you,
baby."I
said, "Diana, I need a hot muffin with a
little blueberry in there."I don't
know, I just try to be real with
y'all, you know? We're just real, y'all.
I get so—don't you get
so tired of all the celebrity stuff
where you can't just be real with people
and just talk and be fun, where
everybody's so out there?
But I realize the more
people get kind of weird with you, and
you got people that are kind of
flaky and they try to stalk you and be
weird, but we're just human. We're
just real. I
don't like all the
celebrity Christian stuff.
We all put our pants on one leg
at a time. We all go to the bathroom. We
all stink and get BO. And not one of us
can say we don't. No. So, I don't care
who you are that thinks you're so such-and-such,
that's
got a big old head walking in
a room and going, "Well, I got it all going
on."No,
you don't. You got issues and
you're hiding them.
And I'm just being real with y'all. You
need Jesus just like I need Jesus. And
the only one that is perfect is
him. And
we're all going from glory to
glory. And everybody has something
they're going through,
so stop trying to be something that
you're not. Just be like Jesus as best
you can. And we're all going to
try—we'll
all probably mess up, but we
try.
You know, I try. We ain't perfect.
But I'm going to tell you all, the Lord
wants us to do what we're doing and I'll
do it. I just say, "Okay,
God."You
know, weight things,
exercise—nobody
wants to
exercise, but I do it. I
try. I told my flesh, "Shut up,
flesh! Get on that bike,
ride,
go out there, push the mower, do
something, stop being lazy."All right,
I've talked too much. I'm going to get
myself in trouble. No, it's good, I like
it. Well, I think they need to hear it.
Sometimes it's good to hear it. They're
saying they like sourdough. I want to
try sourdough. I want to do it.
Sourdough, uh-huh. That's my goal, to get
there. Sourdough is good. You haven't
made that for me, but I've had it
some other places. "I'm a noob, I'm
learning."What's
my favorite? It
starts with a Kam—what is
it? Kamut.
No, not kombucha. I like kombucha, too.
You like kombucha, do
you all? The Lord spoke to me—I was
praying about kombucha and the
fermented, the growing the
mushrooms on top, you know, that fungus,
and you ferment tea with it. And he
started talking to me about kefir.
And I was drinking the kefir and
eating the grains because
of—for
your stomach, and for your bowels,
and for your immune system, for
probiotics. And the Lord talks to me. So,
I drink a lot of kefir, and I know it's
fattening. Kamut, Kamut, that's the
wheat.
But I make homemade kefir,
and strain it,
and
sometimes it's real
tart. But I'll eat the grains off
of there and it's like a treat. It's
kind of like yogurt, and I mix it with my
yogurt and stuff, but it's full of
probiotics and stuff. So, we're
learning about that. There was a lady on
YouTube that was talking about it,
and that's where I—because I was
praying in the spirit, and the Lord gives
me these things. It's kind of like this.
I'll let you in on another
something. I was praying about a berry,
and the Lord said it was the size
of your thumb and it was a goji berry.
The Lord said, "Pray about the goji
berry,"and
I saw Mount Fuji.
And I saw this berry, and
the Lord said, "Pray over this."I don't
know, but when He talks about it and He
tells me, I'll eat a couple of them.
I'm like, "Well, I know there's something
about this."I don't know what the goji
berry does, but He tries to tell you
about things that
have been here forever, that are really
good for you, from what I understand.
So, I just pray over it. I'm like, "Well,
that's interesting."I just get these
little cues from the Holy Spirit, and you
just keep going with it. That's why I
talk about kefir and kombucha
and—what's
that brand? I drink the
strawberry. I like that strawberry.
Yeah, the
grass-fed—no,
kombucha.
Oh, it's the strawberries.
Yeah, it's strawberry. I think
that's what it is. Isn't that what it's
called? Well, I don't know. It's
whatever it is. It's this little
cup
of a little bottle; it's glass. It
comes from California,
but I think you've drunk it on here
before, haven't you? I probably have,
but I try just to drink water, and it
blends in with my green screen. It's
transparent, yeah, with my—are we still
with the American flag? This one?
Yeah. What is it? Synergy,
GT. Yep. I don't think it's called
Synergy; I think it's just GT.
Yeah,
it's not a plug. We're not
plugging it. No, we're not telling you
to buy it. They're not giving me a
kickback; I'm just talking.
So,
people need to know that I do
not—listen,
I've had huge
companies offer me big bucks to do
commercials on here and wanting me to do
stuff, and I say, "No, no, we've
dedicated this to Jesus, and that's
strictly what—you cannot buy the
anointing. You'll not merchandise
it."And
whatever ads YouTube puts up
there, this is their platform, but I
will not do it. And I believe this is
important that you all understand: we do
not merchandise the anointing. It is
something—it's
not mine.
I'm a steward, and I refuse to be this
way. And I don't care if you offer me
$100,000 a year or not. No. Your flesh
screams, and I say, "No, shut up.
Not doing it.
No.
This is precious.
This time with you is precious,
and we're thankful for every single one
of you that show up and want to pray
with me every day."It's been amazing
what God's done. China's up to 22,000
people now. Yeah, I just uploaded their
video for today. You did? Yeah. I love
the Asian people. I love them; they're
precious. You know, God has given
me such a heart for the Asians, praying
for them, and for revival for
their nation,
all around over there, for the
Philippines, all around. I'm just
believing God for something big for
them. The Lord said, "I have not
forgotten you."And I'm telling you all,
my Japan channel still struggles,
the Philippines channel struggles some,
but Vietnam's kind of taking
off, and South Korea exploded. It's
growing huge, and so is my
Hispanic channel and my
Portuguese. Yeah, Portuguese. So, glory
to God for all those folks that pray
with us. So, all right. Well, thank you
for joining us today. Yes, we appreciate
every single one of you. We truly do.
Thank you for showing kindness to us.
You know, there's—I know everybody has
an opinion, and I'm not here to always
play a victim. I appreciate people
defending
me in the comments and stuff. Folks,
I'm telling you, you'll be persecuted
for the Word's sake. I get it; it's part
of the territory. But I want to tell
you, every single one of you that love
on my family, you send us cards of
encouragement, blankets for my daughter,
showing us things, you know, like the
drone, everything—I just want to say
thank you. You don't have to do that.
But it's just
showing the love of God, and
sometimes I need it. There's days
I'm down, and I go, "Man, Lord, I need a
pick-me-up."And
you get
something in the mail, a letter or
something, some sister saying, "Hey, I'm
praying for you,"and I go, "Thank
you."Just
you praying for me means so much;
it's just showing His love. We're
finished;
we're finishing our
race strong in these last days and doing
what God's called us to do. And I know
this is just the beginning for what the
Lord has told us to do. We have a lot to
do, and a short time
to do it. A long way to go and a short
time to get
there—Smokey
and the Bandit.
God bless you all. Well,
remember—oh,
subscribe. Have you subscribed
today? Please
subscribe. Click the notification bell,
click the like button, comment something
nice down below, and do all the
things that you need to do. I appreciate
it. We'll be back again tomorrow, and
we'll pray. We've got to pray over
Israel, and the Lord said mandate
from January 14th to the 4th.
So, and I know we've been on here way
too long. So, God bless you all. Put
a smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we
love you. God bless you all, and we'll
see you again soon. God bless you. Thank
you. I'm so glad they came tonight. Bye-bye.